.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH LAPCAT 1 "2011-07-31"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
lapcat \- Location Aware Proxy Chooser And Tunneler


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lapcat
.RI [ options ]
<host> <port>


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBlapcat\fP is a netcat-like tool which opens up a TCP/IP connection to
a particular host, on a particular port.

How the connection is established depends on a set of rules which may vary
depending on host, active network connection and availability.


.SH OPTIONS
.P
  -v       Enable debug output.
.P
  -v -v    Enable even more debug output.


.SH MODES

Lapcat operates in one of 4 different modes: netcat mode, HTTP Proxy mode,
dedicated mode and one-off mode.  Each are described below.

In netcat mode, lapcat will connect to the remote host and relay data back
and forth to the standard input and output.  This is similar to using the
telnet or netcat tools.

.SH AUTHOR
.P
Written by Bjarni R. Einarsson <http://bre.klaki.net/> for The Beanstalks
Project ehf. and PageKite <https://pagekite.net/>.


.SH CONFIGURATION

FIXME: Write this!

.SH SEE ALSO
.P
pagekite(1), <http://pagekite.org/>, <http://pagekite.net/>

.SH COPYRIGHT
.P
Copyright © 2011 Bjarni R. Einarsson and The Beanstalks Project ehf.
.P
License: AGPLv3+, GNU Affero GPL version 3 or later
<http://gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

