.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH PAGEKITE 1 "2011-07-31"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
pagekite \- Make localhost servers publicly visible.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pagekite
.RI [ options ]
[[<port>] [<proto>:]<hostname>[:<port>]
.RI [ flags ]]

.B pagekite
.RI [ options ]
[<paths> [http:]<hostname>[:<port>]
.RI [ flags ]]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBpagekite\fP lets you run servers and services on computers or other
mobile devices that do not have a direct connection to the Internet or are
'protected' by a firewall that filters incoming connections, such as mobile
devices or computers behind NAT.

The program gives servers running on localhost or the local LAN a publicly
visible DNS name and act as a tunneled reverse proxy, routing connections
from the outside world to otherwise inaccessible servers whenever possible.

For convenience, \fBpagekite\fP also includes a basic HTTP server for quickly
exposing files and directories to the World Wide Web for casual sharing and
collaboration.


.SH EXAMPLES
.P
Basic usage, makes http://localhost:80/ publicly visible:
.RS
pagekite ANYTHING.pagekite.me
.RE

To expose specific folders, files or use alternate local ports:
.RS
pagekite /a/path NAME.pagekite.me +indexes
.RE
.RS
pagekite *.html *.css *.js NAME.pagekite.me
.RE
.RS
pagekite 3000 NAME.pagekite.me
.RE

To expose multiple servers (SSH and HTTP):
.RS
pagekite ssh:NAME.pagekite.me AND 3000 NAME.pagekite.me
.RE

To watch the data flow back and forth:
.RS
pagekite --nozchunks --debugio --logfile=stdio \\
.RE
.RS
            ANYTHING.pagekite.me
.RE


.SH FLAGS

Flags are used to tune the behavior of a given back-end, for example by
enabling access controls or enabling specific features of the built-in HTTP
server.

.SS Common flags
.P
  +ip/A.B.C.D      Enable connections only from this IP address

.P
  +ip/A.B.C        Enable connections only from this /24 netblock

.SS HTTP protocol flags
.P
  +password/name=pass  Require a username and password (Basic Auth)

.P
  +rewritehost     Rewrite the incoming Host: header

.SS Built-in HTTPD flags
.P
  +indexes         Enable directory indexes

.P
  +indexes=all     Directory indexes include hidden (dot-) files

.P
  +hide            Obfuscate URLs of shared files

.P
  +cgi=e1,e2,...   Handle files ending in .e1 or .e2 as CGI scripts


.SH OPTIONS

All \fBpagekite\fP options can be specified on the command-line, or in a
configuration file (see below).

\fBNote:\fP  Some options, specifically back-end and front-end definitions, are
additive and if given multiple times the program will attempt to obey them
all. For most others, the order matters and a latter definition will override
a previous one. This can at times produce unexpected results if some options
are read from a configuration file, while others are specified on the
command-line.

.SS Common options
.P
  --optfile=X    -o X     Read options from file X.
                          Default is ~/.pagekiterc.
.P
  --httpd=X:P    -H X:P   Enable the HTTP user interface on
                          hostname X, port P.
.P
  --pemfile=X    -P X     Use X as a PEM key for the HTTPS UI.
.P
  --httppass=X   -X X     Require password X to access the UI.
.P
   --nozchunks            Disable zlib tunnel compression.
.P
   --buffers       N      Buffer at most N kB of back-end data
                          before blocking.
.P
   --logfile=F    -L F    Log to file F.
.P
   --daemonize    -Z      Run as a daemon.
.P
   --runas        -U U:G  Set UID:GID after opening our
                          listening sockets.
.P
   --pidfile=P    -I P    Write PID to the named file.
.P
   --clean                Skip loading the default
                          configuration file.
.P
   --nocrashreport        Don't send anonymous crash reports
                          to PageKite.net.
.P
   --tls_default=N        Default name to use for SSL, if SNI
                          and tracking fail.
.P
   --tls_endpoint=N:F     Terminate SSL/TLS for name N, using
                          key/cert from F.
.P
   --defaults             Set some reasonable default setings.
.P
   --errorurl=U  -E U     URL to redirect to when back-ends are
                          not found.
.P
   --settings             Dump the current settings to STDOUT,
                          formatted as an options file would be.


.SS Front-end options
.P
   --isfrontend   -f      Enable front-end mode.
.P
   --authdomain=X -A X    Use X as a remote authentication domain.
.P
   --host=H       -h H    Listen on H (hostname).
.P
   --ports=A,B,C  -p A,B  Listen on ports A, B, C, ...
.P
   --portalias=A:B        Report port A as port B to backends.
.P
   --protos=A,B,C         Accept the listed protocols for tunneling.
.P
   --rawports=A,B,C       Listen on ports A, B, C, ...
                          (raw/timed connections)
.P
   --domain=proto,proto2,pN:domain:secret
                          Accept tunneling requests for the named
                          protocols and specified domain, using
                          the given secret.  A * may be used as a
                          wildcard for subdomains. (FIXME)

.SS Back-end options
.P
   --all          -a      Terminate early if any tunnels fail to
                          register.
.P
   --dyndns=X     -D X    Register changes with DynDNS provider X.
                          X can either be simply the name of one of
                          the 'built-in' providers, or a URL format
                          string for ad-hoc updating.

.P
   --frontends=N:X:P      Choose N front-ends from X (a DNS domain
                          name), port P.
.P
   --frontend=host:port   Connect to the named front-end server.
.P
   --new          -N      Don't attempt to connect to the domain's
                          old front-end.
.P
   --socksify=S:P         Connect via SOCKS server S, port P
                          (requires socks.py)
.P
   --torify=S:P           Same as socksify, but more paranoid.
.P
   --noprobes             Reject all probes for back-end liveness.
.P
   --fe_certname=N        Connect using SSL, accepting valid certs for
                          domain N.
.P
   --ca_certs=PATH        Path to your trusted root SSL
                          certificates file.
.P
   --service_on=proto:domain:host:port:secret
                          Configure a back-end service on host:port,
                          using protocol proto and the given domain.
                          As a special case, if host and port are left
                          blank and the proto is HTTP or HTTPS, the
                          built-in server will be used.

.SS About the options file
.P
The options file contains the same options as are available to the command
line, with the restriction that there be exactly one "argument" per line.
.P
The leading '--' may also be omitted for readability, and for the same reason
it is recommended to use the long form of the options in the configuration
file (also, as the short form may not always parse correctly).
.P
Blank lines and lines beginning with # (comments) are stripped from the
options file before it is parsed.  It is perfectly acceptable to have multiple
options files, and options files can include other options files.

.SH SEE ALSO
.P
lapcat(1), <http://pagekite.org/>, <http://pagekite.net/>

.SH AUTHOR
.P
Written by Bjarni R. Einarsson <http://bre.klaki.net/>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
.P
Copyright © 2012 Bjarni R. Einarsson and The Beanstalks Project ehf.
.P
License: AGPLv3+, GNU Affero GPL version 3 or later
<http://gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html>.
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

